# This Weeks Accomplishments: July 25, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Make advances on Myūzu

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Send chocolate to Dora
- [x] Go to Midnight Runners’ Tuesday 10k
- [x] Get pastéis de nata for the company
- [x] Go to midnight Runners’ Olympics Special
- [x] BBQ on Saturday
- [x] Do something for my birthday
- [x] Work on side projects
- [x] Check how the blog is going
- [x] Check trip to Albania

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] ~~Check trip to Paris~~ Postponed again

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Olympic run with Midnight Runners
- [x] BBQ at Coque’s with several hours of board games
- [x] Awesome lunch with Morena

### Musical highlight
On the 30th week of 2016, my favourite musical pick was [R.WAN](https://open.spotify.com/artist/4mKvEitgF7NfkYzNzApnwT) with [Radio Cortex 2](https://open.spotify.com/album/5rCW3i9Cg3tYw1kE9Tau8d).

## Next Week's Focus: Finish my blog for good to restart writing

### Week in Review
Work is going smoothly although quite boring, as I ended up being blocked a few times. Time has been passing really quickly there, everything gets blended together.
Saturday was great, a full day of barbecue and board games. And the best part was having a cheesecake and people singing _Happy Birthday_ to me as soon as midnight stroke. It was a great surprise!
Sunday was also very good, with a big, long lunch with Morena (and cheap!), followed by a long walk filled with coffee and banana bread. Finally, I came back home to set up for the night, as I arranged a viewing of [_Scott Pilgrim vs. The World_](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0446029) for a few close friends.
