# This Weeks Accomplishments: Feb. 08, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Pack up

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Pack up for South America
- [x] Get Kelly’s present for trip
- [x] Finish my 100:10:1
- [x] Write a blog post about my 100:10:1
- [x] Attend [Sofar Sounds](https://www.sofarsounds.com)
- [x] Go to a Tame Impala concert
- [x] Finish and submit talks for ScotlandCSS, ScotlandJS, and EmpireJS
- [x] Check Pam’s vegan shop
- [x] Check tickets for Moderat

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Check possible trip & stay in Calafate
- [ ] Pick the main 10 from 100:10:1
- [ ] Check a bit more about all other trips
- [ ] Check Camden Market

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Finish Duolingo’s Spanish tree
- [x] Farewell dinner with friends
- [x] Travel to Buenos Aires

### Musical highlight
On the 6th week of 2016, my favourite musical pick was [Daniel Avery](https://soundcloud.com/danielavery) with [Drone Logic](https://open.spotify.com/album/40CBXF9jJwK21mrqlmBr92). Thanks @couto!

## Next Week's Focus: Enjoy Buenos Aires

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Go to Colonia
- [ ] Go to Montevideo
- [ ] Check possible trip & stay in Calafate
- [ ] Pick the main 10 from 100:10:1
- [ ] Check a bit more about all other trips
- [ ] Take more photographs
- [ ] Continue studying ES6

### Week in Review
Routine is gone, which makes doing any kind of work hard. Maybe I’m still just getting used to be in a different continent, country, and city. I’m struggling to relax and not feel guilty about the personal/job work I am _not_ doing. I guess we just spent way too much time in our computers; picturing a few days without it feels hard.
Also, my talk for CSSconf Nordic was not accepted. That’s alright, it wasn’t my strongest submission.
